have you heard about Ricky the
restraining order on Dala you know about that stuff you
laugh I don't know stop
laughing that he couldn't live in the same
room as me because he had a
restraining order against me absurd
anyone not anyone who knows the
police who knows the courts who
know how this works a
restraining order isn't given to you by the police nor are
you going to request it like the one you go can't you
can go to the police and say
hey but the police don't put a
restraining order on you I mean it can go around in
circles a lot you can talk a lot I
was there I heard all that a
restraining order is put on you by the [ __ ] J you have
to go plus you have to go plus for
some paperwork and some things and some
complaints and you don't go to the police and
say hey this guy is
stalking me He can put a restraining order on me
And on top of that in Andorra no they
have nothing to do with the case but apart from the fact
that he spent a year recording videos
making fun of the threats maybe that's what he
got over this is like what happened with
Ali he got over and he still hasn't escaped saying
one one  what a jerk he got and that's it, that's it, he
blocked me because I started to talk about
Ali, I interviewed
Tudor, I was looking for information, which is
basically what I have to do, I mean,
if you want to come and tell me something that's not true,
but no, why didn't you come and
ask me, you bastard, if you're
lying, if later it came out a month or
two months later he came out admitting that they had
lied and this is the
same thing, let's see, what happens is that Ricky is still
young, he still hasn't understood
that it's easier to have a red face one
day than a blue face 16 So in the
end, someone will come to him and
a lawyer will come to him and say, look, kid, to
put a restraining order, first you
file a complaint, then this goes to
court, then the judge thinks that you have
a problem and he's going to put
a restraining order on you depending on
the crimes that the person is committing
or whatever, so, well, these
are things that are said. So, what about it, it
sounds very spectacular, so
for that 80% of internet morons
that I'm telling you about and they say, look  A
restraining order is all very well, but the
restraining order is being put on the
debate that Dalas is challenging him to
debate. He wants to have a debate with him and he
's putting orders on him. What's the point of the
debate, Dasas? Stop arguing. Come
here, listen to me, but a debate in person,
no, no, he hits him, he hits him, he hits him, he
ends up tearing his arms off.
[Music]
Right?